README.md, before:

# Mantis Free React Material UI Dashboard Template [![Tweet](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http/shields.io.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Download%20Mantis%20React%20-%20The%20professional%20Material%20designed%20React%20Admin%20Dashboard%20Template%20&url=https://mantisdashboard.io&via=codedthemes&hashtags=reactjs,webdev,developers,javascript)

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Price](https://img.shields.io/badge/price-FREE-0098f7.svg)](https://github.com/codedthemes/mantis-free-react-admin-template/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![GitHub package version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/codedthemes/mantis-free-react-admin-template)](https://github.com/codedthemes/mantis-free-react-admin-template/)

Mantis is a free and open source React redux dashboard template made using the Material UI React component library with aim of flexibility and better customizability.

### Name Derived From Nature

Mantis Logo is inspired from the insect name - 'Mantises' as they have triangular heads with flexible Necks. Also, the name is derived from two popular UI frameworks, Material UI and Ant Design (M-Ant-is).

Mantis has Ant Design principal on top of the MAterial UI React component library.

:star: :star: :star: Support us by giving star (Top right of this page) if you like the theme :star: :star: :star:

![mantis-free-react-dashboard-template.jpg](https://mantisdashboard.io/adv-banner-images/og-social-v1.1.0.png)

The [Pro version](https://mantisdashboard.io) of Mantis react template includes features such as TypeScript, apps, authentication methods (i.e. JWT, Auth0, Firebase), advance components, form plugins, layouts, widgets, and more.

| [Mantis Free](https://mantisdashboard.io/free) | [Mantis Pro](https://mantisdashboard.io)                                         |
| ---------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **7** Demo pages                               | **85+** Demo pages                                                               |
| -                                              | ✓ Multi-language                                                                 |
| -                                              | ✓ Dark/Light Mode 🌓                                                             |
| -                                              | ✓ TypeScript version                                                             |
| -                                              | ✓ Design files (Figma)                                                           |
| -                                              | ✓ Multiple color options                                                         |
| -                                              | ✓ RTL                                                                            |
| -                                              | ✓ JWT, Firebase, Auth0, AWS authentication                                       |
| -                                              | ✓ [More components](https://mantisdashboard.io/components-overview/autocomplete) |
| ✓ MIT License                                  | ✓ [Pro License](https://mui.com/store/license/)                                  |

## Why Mantis?

Mantis offers everything needed to build an advanced dashboard application. In the initial release, we included following high-end features,

- Support React18.
- Professional user interface.
- Material UI React components.
- Fully responsive, all modern browser supported.
- Easy to use code structure
- Flexible & high-Performance code
- Simple documentation

## Free Mantis React version

#### Preview

- [Demo](https://mantisdashboard.io/free)

#### Download

- [Download from GitHub](https://github.com/codedthemes/mantis-free-react-admin-template)

## Mantis Pro version

#### Preview

- [Demo](https://mantisdashboard.io)

#### Purchase

- [Buy now](https://mui.com/store/items/mantis-react-admin-dashboard-template/)

## Table of contents

- [Getting started](#getting-started)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Technology stack](#technology-stack)
- [Author](#author)
- [Issues?](#issues)
- [License](#license)
- [More Free React Templates](#more-free-react-material-admin-dashboard-templates)
- [More Pro React Templates](#more-premium-react-material-admin-dashboard-templates)
- [Follow us](#follow-us)

## Getting Started

1. Clone from Github

```
git clone https://github.com/codedthemes/mantis-free-react-admin-template.git
```

2. Install packages

```
yarn
```

3. Run project

```
yarn start
```

## Documentation

[Mantis documentation](https://codedthemes.gitbook.io/mantis/) helps you out in all aspects from Installation to deployment.

## Technology stack

- [Material UI V5](https://mui.com/core/)
- Built with React Hooks API.
- Redux & React context API for state management.
- Redux toolkit.
- React Router for navigation routing.
- Support for react-script.
- Code splitting.
- CSS-in-JS.

## Author

Mantis is managed by team [CodedThemes](https://codedthemes.com).

## Issues

Please generate a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/codedthemes/mantis-free-react-admin-template/issues) if you found a bug in any version. We are try our best to resolve the issue.

## License

- Licensed under [MIT](https://github.com/codedthemes/datta-able-bootstrap-dashboard/blob/master/LICENSE)

## More Free React Material Admin Dashboard Templates

- [Free Materially](https://codedthemes.com/item/materially-free-reactjs-admin-template/)
- [Free Berry](https://mui.com/store/items/berry-react-material-admin-free/)

## More premium React Material Admin Dashboard Templates

- [Materially](https://codedthemes.com/item/materially-reactjs-admin-dashboard/)
- [Berry](https://mui.com/store/items/berry-react-material-admin/)

## Follow us

- Website [https://mantisdashboard.io](https://mantisdashboard.io)
- Blog [https://blog.mantisdashboard.io](https://blog.mantisdashboard.io)
- CodedThemes [https://codedthemes.com](https://codedthemes.com)
- Dribbble [https://dribbble.com/codedthemes](https://dribbble.com/codedthemes)
- Facebook [https://www.facebook.com/codedthemes](https://www.facebook.com/codedthemes)
- Twitter [https://twitter.com/codedthemes](https://twitter.com/codedthemes)

Commit message:

t Material UI Dashboard Template [![Tweet](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http

README.md, after:

# Usage & credits

This project is a fork of the [Mantis Free React Material UI Dashboard Template]. 

The original project is a free and open source React redux dashboard template made using the Material UI React component library with aim of flexibility and better customizability.

The original project is licensed under the MIT License.

The original project is managed by team [CodedThemes](https://codedthemes.com).


# Mantis Free React Material UI Dashboard Template [![Tweet](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http/shields.io.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Download%20Mantis%20React%20-%20The%20professional%20Material%20designed%20React%20Admin%20Dashboard%20Template%20&url=https://mantisdashboard.io&via=codedthemes&hashtags=reactjs,webdev,developers,javascript)

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Price](https://img.shields.io/badge/price-FREE-0098f7.svg)](https://github.com/codedthemes/mantis-free-react-admin-template/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![GitHub package version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/codedthemes/mantis-free-react-admin-template)](https://github.com/codedthemes/mantis-free-react-admin-template/)

Mantis is a free and open source React redux dashboard template made using the Material UI React component library with aim of flexibility and better customizability.

### Name Derived From Nature

Mantis Logo is inspired from the insect name - 'Mantises' as they have triangular heads with flexible Necks. Also, the name is derived from two popular UI frameworks, Material UI and Ant Design (M-Ant-is).

Mantis has Ant Design principal on top of the MAterial UI React component library.

:star: :star: :star: Support us by giving star (Top right of this page) if you like the theme :star: :star: :star:

![mantis-free-react-dashboard-template.jpg](https://mantisdashboard.io/adv-banner-images/og-social-v1.1.0.png)

The [Pro version](https://mantisdashboard.io) of Mantis react template includes features such as TypeScript, apps, authentication methods (i.e. JWT, Auth0, Firebase), advance components, form plugins, layouts, widgets, and more.

| [Mantis Free](https://mantisdashboard.io/free) | [Mantis Pro](https://mantisdashboard.io)                                         |
| ---------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **7** Demo pages                               | **85+** Demo pages                                                               |
| -                                              | ✓ Multi-language                                                                 |
| -                                              | ✓ Dark/Light Mode 🌓                                                             |
| -                                              | ✓ TypeScript version                                                             |
| -                                              | ✓ Design files (Figma)                                                           |
| -                                              | ✓ Multiple color options                                                         |
| -                                              | ✓ RTL                                                                            |
| -                                              | ✓ JWT, Firebase, Auth0, AWS authentication                                       |
| -                                              | ✓ [More components](https://mantisdashboard.io/components-overview/autocomplete) |
| ✓ MIT License                                  | ✓ [Pro License](https://mui.com/store/license/)                                  |

## Why Mantis?

Mantis offers everything needed to build an advanced dashboard application. In the initial release, we included following high-end features,

- Support React18.
- Professional user interface.
- Material UI React components.
- Fully responsive, all modern browser supported.
- Easy to use code structure
- Flexible & high-Performance code
- Simple documentation

## Free Mantis React version

#### Preview

- [Demo](https://mantisdashboard.io/free)

#### Download

- [Download from GitHub](https://github.com/codedthemes/mantis-free-react-admin-template)

## Mantis Pro version

#### Preview

- [Demo](https://mantisdashboard.io)

#### Purchase

- [Buy now](https://mui.com/store/items/mantis-react-admin-dashboard-template/)

## Table of contents

- [Getting started](#getting-started)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Technology stack](#technology-stack)
- [Author](#author)
- [Issues?](#issues)
- [License](#license)
- [More Free React Templates](#more-free-react-material-admin-dashboard-templates)
- [More Pro React Templates](#more-premium-react-material-admin-dashboard-templates)
- [Follow us](#follow-us)

## Getting Started

1. Clone from Github

```
git clone https://github.com/codedthemes/mantis-free-react-admin-template.git
```

2. Install packages

```
yarn
```

3. Run project

```
yarn start
```

## Documentation

[Mantis documentation](https://codedthemes.gitbook.io/mantis/) helps you out in all aspects from Installation to deployment.

## Technology stack

- [Material UI V5](https://mui.com/core/)
- Built with React Hooks API.
- Redux & React context API for state management.
- Redux toolkit.
- React Router for navigation routing.
- Support for react-script.
- Code splitting.
- CSS-in-JS.

## Author

Mantis is managed by team [CodedThemes](https://codedthemes.com).

## Issues

Please generate a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/codedthemes/mantis-free-react-admin-template/issues) if you found a bug in any version. We are try our best to resolve the issue.

## License

- Licensed under [MIT](https://github.com/codedthemes/datta-able-bootstrap-dashboard/blob/master/LICENSE)

## More Free React Material Admin Dashboard Templates

- [Free Materially](https://codedthemes.com/item/materially-free-reactjs-admin-template/)
- [Free Berry](https://mui.com/store/items/berry-react-material-admin-free/)

## More premium React Material Admin Dashboard Templates

- [Materially](https://codedthemes.com/item/materially-reactjs-admin-dashboard/)
- [Berry](https://mui.com/store/items/berry-react-material-admin/)

## Follow us

- Website [https://mantisdashboard.io](https://mantisdashboard.io)
- Blog [https://blog.mantisdashboard.io](https://blog.mantisdashboard.io)
- CodedThemes [https://codedthemes.com](https://codedthemes.com)
- Dribbble [https://dribbble.com/codedthemes](https://dribbble.com/codedthemes)
- Facebook [https://www.facebook.com/codedthemes](https://www.facebook.com/codedthemes)
- Twitter [https://twitter.com/codedthemes](https://twitter.com/codedthemes)
